DOCSP-35656: Update README for App Services backend (#187)
mongodb-university/realm-template-apps: other/edge-server/client/README.md

# Edge Server with MongoDB Node.js Driver

This example todo application demonstrates using Edge Server with a MongoDB Driver. It uses the MongoDB Node.js Driver in an Express server application to connect to 
Edge Server. It has a React frontend for performing CRUD operations. 

React client -> Express server (Node.js Driver) -> Edge Server -> Atlas

To use this example application, you must:

> 1. Create an App Services App that uses the configured backend provided in 
>   this project's ../backend directory.

Reviewer: Since we're now using a template app for this, we won't include the backend directory in the artifact repo - so it doesn't make sense to refer to it here. 
```suggestion
1. Create an App Services App based on the `edge-server.todo` template app. Get Edge Server enabled for your new app.
```

2. Download, configure, and start the Edge Server.
3. Install dependencies and start the Node.js Express server.
4. Install dependencies and start the React server.

This is a MERN stack that connects to the Edge Server instead of Atlas. 

> (Note that MongoDB wire protocol connections connect directly to Edge Server 
> without authorization.) 

Reviewer: Adding authorization for wireprotocol connections is part of the Public Preview, so we should probably be more explicit here. We can update this app once authentication for wireprotocol connections is supported by Edge Server.

```suggestion
In this version of the example app, MongoDB wire protocol connections connect directly to Edge Server without authorization. 
```

For a MERN stack tutorial, refer to 
[How to Use Mern Stack: A Complete Guide](https://www.mongodb.com/languages/mern-stack-tutorial).

## Create an App Services App

Edge Server connects to Atlas through an App Services App backend. 
For this example application, you'll create an App Services App based on the 
`edge-server.todo` template app. 

This template app uses a backend with the following enabled: 

- Device Sync configured with:
  - An already defined `Item` collection in a `todo` database
  - A single default rule that allows *any* user to read or write Items to 
    the collection

> - Anonymous authentication only

Reviewer: Hmm. I wonder if we can disable anonymous authentication and still use Edge Server? We might want to test that, and remove this line if it is possible. 

Mainly, I don't want to mislead people into thinking anonymous auth is important here somehow if it's not required. The wireprotocol connection doesn't use it, so I think if we do want to call out that anonymous authentication is configured - i.e. if it _is_ required - we have to say why.

(I _think_ it might have been enabled before because we were trying to make this interoperable with Device SDK clients, but we've found that with the required rules, we can't do that. So it might make sense to just turn it off.)

Reviewer: Also, I wonder if we should explicitly call out that this differs from the Device SDK todo backend, and that this app won't be interoperable with Device SDK template apps.

- A cluster deployed in your project. To learn how to deploy an M0 free 
  cluster, refer to 
  [Create a Cluster](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/tutorial/create-new-cluster/).
- A project API key with Project Owner permissions. To learn how to create a 
  key, refer to 
  [Create an API Key for a Project](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/#invite-an-organization-api-key-to-a-project).

### Create an App with App Services CLI 

Install [App Services CLI](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/cli/): 

```shell
npm install -g atlas-app-services-cli
```

Login with your API key using 
[appservices login](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/cli/appservices-login/):

```shell
appservices login \
--api-key <your-public-key> \
--private-api-key <your-private-key>
```
Create an app based on the `edge-server.todo` template using 
[appservices apps create](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/cli/appservices-apps-create/). 

The following creates a new app named "EdgeServerApp" that uses the 
template's pre-configured backend: 

```shell 
appservices app create \

> --name  EdgeServerApp \

Reviewer: Nit: extra space.
```suggestion
--name EdgeServerApp \
```
